# Conclusion

In this thesis we have attempted to construct a model which couples the Golgi function and size to the intracellular transport and describe its biogenesis. We also wished to confront our model with data from the RUSH experiments. This was covered in the first part. Specifically, we have attempted to quantify the intracellular transport of the ManII protein from the ER to the Golgi. We have implemented two techniques. One was based on image gradients to determine the derivatives, which could then be used to perform a fit of the model. Applying this technique to the RUSH data yielded fits which showed some structure, but no clear pattern could be distinguished. Furthermore, the inferred diffusion field showed negative diffusion coefficients, which are probably due to errors in the fitting and not due to aggregation. We are thus unable to infer if the ER to Golgi transport is modeled by our model. 

We forsee several directions to improve the image-gradient method. The most gains can be made in the step where the derivatives are calculated. The Sobel filter we've applied to determine the gradient is an extremely simple approximation and improving this step would vastly improve results. The fitting method we have applied - least squares - , is rather basic too and quite sensitive to outliers. Since the image gradients turn the model into a generic set of features, any fitting procedure could be used. In selecting a different fitting procedure, care should be taken to select a method which can properly handle noisy data with outliers. 

We also implemented physics informed neural networks and applied it to the RUSH data. We have proven that it is possible to infer coefficient fields on synthetic data, but applying this method to the RUSH daa yielded inconclusive and probably incorrect results. Despite this, we believe PINNs show great promise and we propose several avenues to improve their performance. Implementing Bayesian neural networks would yield a distribution instead of a single value as an output. We believe this to be of prime importance, as the results of PINNs are not robust yet (i.e. sensitive to changes in the architecture). Secondly, the fitting of coefficient fields is a very hard problem with probably many local minima. To remedy this, we propose a 'boots-trapping' technique, in which one would first assume the coefficients to be locally constant, similar to the sliding window technique of the image-gradient method. Using this as a starting point, in the second step the fully spatially varying expressions is then used to improve the first step estimate. 

We also make several recommendations to the experimentalists. First, they should settle on a quantification method: either single particle tracking or one of the methods we have presented in this thesis. Assuming our methods would be used to quantify the data, a calibration should be performed to learn the mapping of the fluorescence intensity to the concentration. Taking bright field images should also be considered, as these can be used for segmentation. Finally, the image acquisition procedure should be improved by ensuring a steady frame-rate and increasing it. Although increasing the frame rate increases photo bleaching, the last 200 frames of the roughly 300 frame movie contain almost no information about the intracellular transport, so there's enough room to increase it by decreasing the movie length.

In the second part of the thesis we've studied active droplets. We've investigated the effect of advection on active droplets and found that it increases the concentration inside the droplet, compacting the droplet in an environment with a constant influx. We presented a model for the Golgi as such an active droplet, while the intracellular transport was modeled as an advection-diffusion equation. Such a model is able to explain how the Golgi is formed *de novo* and why the stacks colocate with the ERES. However, the phase diagram also showed the possibility for a droplet to exist on both sides of the system: something not observed in real cells. Furthermore, our model allowed for several configurations to exist, but did not predict which one would appear. Future work should thus adress this using simulations.

 